So we just heard that the outlook for
the Asare market in China is looking
pretty positive. You expect another
positive year. What are going to be the
catalysts?
>> Well, after a strong 2025, it's really
difficult not to be optimistic. So we
have the earning growth, we have the
valuation game and also we're really
looking for some of the policy u tail
wings given it is the first year of the
15th 5-year plan.
>> That's right. Well, they want to boost
consumption uh obviously as the main
driver. Is that something you see uh
they have the policy tools uh to do?
>> Oh,
there a couple of things, right?
Obviously there's a vibrant part of the
economy uh the high you know high-end
manufacturing the AI related many of
those renewable energies but what you
and I were talking about is the broader
base um sort of a growth which
consumption uh will be a key um we we
have been suggesting for the governments
hopefully the two session will give us
something whether they will put a GDP
nominal GDP growth target which implies
the price and the growth or a target for
consumption as a percentage of GDP.
Those target will be very helpful to set
uh you know set the goal.
>> Yeah, that's something I've heard quite
a bit about. I mean Steven Roach talked
to me about that like saying they should
maybe set it at 50% of GDP or something
like that. Do you think an actual target
like GDP they always say they set a
target at the National People's
Congress. Do you think setting a hard
and fast target would spur the kind of
numbers that they want?
>> I would think so. I think once you can
quantify you can improve.
>> So, so I think percentage of consumption
of the GDP is one um sort of a measures
a lot of people talking about but you
know we we discuss uh as I alluded to
earlier have a nominal GDP growth not
the real GDP growth so that means uh you
you put together along with the price
movement that will be also encouraging
way to look at it. Let's go back to the
markets and see kind of your
projections. You were looking at the
Msei China uh hitting 100. It's about 87
before the market opened today, implying
about a 15% upside. Also, the CSI 300 is
about, as David was just mentioning,
it's about 22% off its 2007 all-time
high. Are we going to start testing that
because of the gains that you're looking
at?
>> Well, many market have tested and broke
uh last year. So, so definitely no
reason uh for China not to. So 15%
that's a reasonable one. We we estimate
roughly about 10% EPS growth with a bit
of valuation rewaiting but the scenario
can be even more positive.
>> Okay. What are going to be the catalyst
because AI enthusiasm has been a big
driver of IPOs in Hong Kong but also uh
in the Asshare market. Uh is it a bubble
though? What are the risks of a bubble?
>> Sure. I think a couple of things. If you
talk about the the momentum for China,
you you're here at the conference, you
just see the you know a few of the
bikes, right? So we have record uh
attendees many of them from Europe and
the US they are the big investors. So
other you know you know besides all the
points we have discussed the
diversification needs from global
investor plus the policy expectation
given it's the first year of 15's uh
5-year plan will be the two new catalyst
uh for China equities market.
>> How important will anti-involution be in
2026 to stop the race to the bottom in
key industries? Um they've gained market
share in EVs, in battery, in solar. Uh
there's there's there's a bit of a race
to the bottom as well in the AI plays.
There's no profitability forecasted
right now. So how important will the
campaigns of anti-involution to stop
those race to the bottom to stop the
price wars to improve corporate
profitability?
>> Sure. I think um the narrative um has
been very clear since last year. I think
this year investor uh expect to see some
results and also the other side of the
coin is when you have over supply also
implies weaker demand. So having that
stimulus for consumption and then boost
up the demand will be another side of
the equation. So implement and then get
those supply side story for anti-
evvolions but at the same time really
boost the demand and then get the
consumption growing.
>> What does that mean for the inflation
outlook? Can we end more than three
years of factory gate deflation this
year or is that going to be pretty much
pushed to next year?
>> There's a lag effect to you know pricing
power.
>> Yeah, agreed. I I think some of the data
um seems already seeing so we're at the
tipping point. So the the prices getting
positive uh momentum. We hope to see you
know some of those consistency uh months
after months and plus some of the policy
tailwind because a lot of them is the
consumer and investors behavior right
once the expectation changes you're sort
of a self-fulfilling to get the price uh
on the upward trend.
>> Do you think it's self-fulfilling
because again I think households are
still pretty reluctant to spend on big
ticket items when their household paper
wealth has been diminished so much by
the property meltdown. Are there going
to be maybe out of NPC or other policy
tools that can be employed to pretty
much put a floor on the property market?
>> Right.
>> Well, sort of a sentiment. It's it's a
it's a it's a funny thing, right? So, it
accumulates and it come to a turning
point and then it goes the other ways.
So I think besides the point you know
you mentioned about the property market
what is really driving the potential um
positive sentiment is really the equity
market performance. So if you look at
the US so one of the key performing you
know asset price is the equities market.
So that sort of a leads to and fuels the
the consumption and also the confidence.
I think China is on the right path. uh
China just need to have a few more
quarter and potentially years of that
consistent positive performance equity
market.
>> How how big a theme will be the stocks
that are really focused on the going
abroad theme? How important will that
be? Because it seems as though we're
seeing where America is trying to
attract investments into the United
States. It's sort of created an opening
for China to invest elsewhere in the
world building factories uh and creating
jobs around the world. How much of a
strong theme will those going abroad uh
stocks be?
>> It is very important. I think that's one
of our key research theme. Um it also in
many ways it would even out some of the
tension between US and China in
particular. Just imagine if BYI uh is
allowed to open factories in the US. So
that would balance out sort of the trade
deficit, creates job for us and also you
know bring some of the capacities away
from China into a major market for the
company. So in many ways a win-win. So
>> that's a big ask though for BYD and the
United States. Even just Europe and
China have finally found an agreement on
minimum pricing for EVs in the EU. But
the US seems like it's going to be a
far-off goal for many Chinese companies.
Wouldn't you agree?
>> Uh it's up to Washington.
>> Yeah.
>> I think in many ways the Chinese
corporates is willing um Chinese
government is is uh flexible. U it make
economic sense
>> but if the narrative uh shifts so maybe
it's from the April summit right between
and Trump and and those are the things
you know because Trump always asks
countries to invest into the US. Why not
China?